Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
I wonder who this person is.
Did you cry to your heart's content?
- Is he a cat?
- So So!
What is it?
Help me.
Is he a puppy?
- Why are you back already?
- Because I missed you.
Is he a fox?
Sleep with me tonight.
Is it fate?
I wonder...
how long I'll have him for.
[The time it takes to break up.]
So So, wait.
Talk to me. Talk to me!
- It hurts.
- Does it hurt?
Yes.
Love always hurts.
Are you a pervert?
How could you imagine that?
I saw everything. Why are you surprised?
What did you see?
Madam, it's a big size.
I said it was a friend's request.
What about you?
You bought something more perverted.
Mine was a friend's request too.
I can tell what you're like by knowing
your friend's taste. You're the same.
You should tell me now.
Don't make me childishly ask you.
This friend was my high school classmate.
- His name was Na Byung Sae.
- Not about your friend.
We entered the same company.
- We're in the same department.
- Not about your company either.
We joined the military together,
but he became a foot soldier
and I joined the special forces.
- Don't talk about the military.
- I worked in search operations.
I mainly worked at the DMZ.
What about your girlfriend?
Did you make up?
In the end, you made me
ask this childish question.
- I have nothing to say to her.
- Did you break up?
I don't want to say
anything to her either.
Maybe not.
Let's just talk about us.
This is about us, stupid.
I didn't ask because I was curious.
You just seem like a player
who doesn't look like one.
Hold on.
Hey, wait.
- What are you doing? Wait.
- Hey, wait...
Hello?
(In French)
You called me out at this hour!
How long are we supposed to wait for?
Don't yell.
At a time like this,
the louder voice wins.
Tell your boss to come out here!
Call his cell phone! Answer me!
If you continue to yell,
I won't treat you like a customer.
Yeah, you should answer me.
You finally understood me.
Call your boss down here!
What's the matter?
Hey, Big Sis Guide, good thing
you're here. Talk to him.
Why are they asking you
to leave your room?
What? They want me to leave?
Are you telling me to leave?
This is a final warning.
Please don't yell.
- What did he say?
- He told you to quiet down.
How can I quiet down right now?
I'll report you to the police
for public disturbance.
Wait, please wait.
I'll listen to what he has to say first.
- What?
- Right, my bad.
- First, calm down.
- Why don't you catch your breath first?
- Hello!
- Hey!
Earlier, I lay down to sleep
but these punks pounded on my door...
They didn't pound.
They rang the door bell.
Yeah, they pressed it
as if they were pounding it.
I opened the door in shock,
and they dragged us down here.
Did you do anything wrong?
Did you damage anything or yell...
Do I look like I yell all the time?
I understand, Father. Please wait.
He said he did nothing wrong.
Are you sure about that?
- What's this?
- Open it.
Please tie it back up.
Father, what's this?
It's ripened kimchi stew.
What do I do?
I'm really sorry. It was his fault.
Do you know how many customer
complaints we received because of it?
I'm really sorry.
He'll be careful
not to do this ever again.
I'll follow the regulations.
I will kick him out of his room
and charge him 600 euros
for curtain and bedding cleaning
and 500 euros for the three-day
vacancy of his room.
That's a total of 1,100 euros
that he needs to pay.
I will formally apologize.
There's no use.
He just needs to pay the fee.
- You can't eat this in your room.
- Why not?
Everyone cooks
in their rooms on vacation.
People can't stand
the smell of kimchi here.
He's going to charge you
for cleaning and loss of customers.
- Around 1.5 million won.
- 1.5 million?
Goodness.
Wait, is it a crime for
a Korean to eat kimchi?
Do you see me as a pushover?
Call the police!
Last year, another customer
made crab stew in their coffee pot.
They called the police after fighting,
but ended up paying two million won.
In situations like this,
you have no other choice.
Please tell him we're sorry.
We can't pay 1.5 million won.
What?
I... wasn't trying to cook
ripened kimchi stew.
I brought kimchi here,
but it ripened itself
so it became ripened kimchi.
That's right. Please tell him that.
If they refuse to pay,
I'll call the police.
Please wait a moment.
If... if only you ate properly.
This happened because you wouldn't eat.
I'm sure there's medicine
that people don't know of.
Medicine that cures cancer
and lack of appetite.
- I'll talk to the manager.
- What could you possibly say?
It's a lot of money,
and it'll ruin their vacation.
We should reason with him.
There's no use. They don't have the
same kind of affection Koreans have.
It's still worth a try.
Father, can I give it a try?
Yeah, go ahead.
French people
are really asking for it now.
This is why I don't want to
go anywhere with you.
You ate two bowls of rice
saying it was delicious.
This woman.
That lady is very sick.
Really? In what way?
People naturally grow ill
as they get older.
Please tell him that.
That lady has late stage cancer,
so she's terminally ill.
That's why she's embarked
on her very last vacation.
She said she wanted to go to
France more than anywhere else.
And she especially wanted
to come here, to Honfleur.
That lady has late state cancer,
so she's terminally ill.
That's why she came here
for her last vacation.
She said she wanted to go to France
more than anywhere else.
And she especially wanted to
come here, to Honfleur.
Imagine you went
on a vacation with your wife
but you had to eat
English food all week long.
Imagine you went on
a vacation with your wife
but had to eat English food
all week long.
Oh my goodness.
French food is the best
in the world, but they're old now
so they can't adjust to new foods.
The wife starved for a few days,
and the husband... had to do something.
English food tastes like hell,
and French food tastes like heaven.
But they're old, so they're
unable to adjust to new foods.
The wife starved for a few days,
and the husband had to do something.
I'm begging you.
Can't you show kindness to those people
who are here for their last vacation?
I'm begging you. Please be kind
to those people on their last vacation.
Why is that punk
glancing over at us like that?
It's resolved. It must be resolved.
It has been resolved.
It's all thanks to him.
What did you say to him?
I said Koreans usually
eat in their hotel rooms.
I asked for his forgiveness.
- You're an elite, after all.
- Please go back up and sleep.
But you mustn't cook kimchi stew
in your room ever again, okay?
Won't it be okay in other hotels?
We won't do it ever again. We're sorry.
Madam?
Who is he calling "Madam"?
Thank you for coming to France.
This is a gift from the hotel.
Take it. It's a gift from the hotel.
Gosh, you don't have to do that.
Thank you very much.
Have a good vacation.
- What's this bastard doing to my wife?
- You're such a good husband.
I'll let it go just this once, got it?
Father!
You surprised me.
How could you lie so naturally?
It was half true.
This will be their last vacation.
Why? Does she really have cancer?
No, my parents also
fought on their vacation
and agreed to never
travel together again.
- Come inside.
- I don't enter my customers' rooms.
I'll go now.
I'm not a customer, though.
I'm a guide. I'll see you tomorrow.
I'll walk you back.
- How did it go?
- I had diarrhea.
Geez, does it hurt a lot?
Your stomach must be upset
because of what you ate.
I'm sure a glass of wine
will make it better.
You look really pretty right now.
Thanks.
Did you know the guide is having
a fling with the solo traveler?
They were together at dawn.
- When?
- Yesterday.
I caught them together on my way
down from watching the sunrise.
They had grass on their backs.
- That means they lay down together.
- Really?
- 100 percent sure.
- Wow, that's so cool.
They say the best love
happens in a third country.
Not my country, not your country
but an explosive love that
happens in a different country.
How is that love?
They're just playing with fire.
Why not? It's love
for as long as it's lit up.
On that note...
On that note?
You know...
This is a third country for us.
It's not my country,
and it's not your country either.
I love you.
I'm on my period.
- What?
- I started my period.
Hey, do you really want to be
on your period in France?
You're tired, or you have to poop.
I set up a romantic mood in France.
Don't you have a conscience?
My stomach hurts.
Is that what's important?
How is it not important?
Forget it. I'm going to sleep.
Yeah, don't worry about me.
Do you only have pajamas
that make you look middle-aged?
This is the best. It's easy to
put on and take off. It's breezy too.
It makes you look unattractive.
What is it? Did that woman
tell you she loves you?
- It's my colleague.
- You're lying.
I'm telling the truth.
I said I'm telling the truth.
It's true, though.
Should play the truth game?
We shouldn't play games
with the truth. I'm not playing.
- Play.
- No.
I'll start. Why did you ask me
to come on this vacation?
- Because I love you.
- This is the truth game.
Tell me the truth.
Why did you ask me
to come on this vacation?
Why do you think I came here with you?
Geez, seriously.
So Ran.
Han So Ran.
Hey, get up. Get up, Han So Ran. Hurry.
- Hurry!
- Don't do that!
Take your medicine.
You don't have painkillers.
I bought you chocolate too.
I'll get you water.
Here.
Don't be sick.
Tour guides don't have
nights and days, do they?
I'm everyone's mother, teacher,
and maid until the end of their trip.
It's not an easy job, is it?
Thank you. I'll see you tomorrow.
You should ask if you
can come inside, stupid.
Have a good night.
Goodbye.
Does it still hurt?
I wonder why. It's been a while
since I took the medicine.
Is it weak because it's from
an advanced country?
Is it really a painkiller?
Why don't you look it up?
Hey, I told you it is.
- Why is this digestive medicine?
- What did you ask for?
No me. No me.
Girlfriend. Girlfriend.
Stomach. Stomach pain.
Yes. Yes. You know what I mean, right?
I'm going crazy.
You made fun of me for my English,
but you can't even buy painkillers.
Gosh, my stomach hurts.
I said it correctly. He must have
misunderstood. I'll be back.
That's okay. Don't go.
Just keep my stomach warm.
- Should I?
- Yeah.
Okay.
I'm sorry for getting mad at you
when you're sick.
There are people who split up
because of one bad thing.
And there are people who can't split up
because of one good thing.
He's warm.
I wish he could have gone a size bigger.
What is it? Did you forget something?
No, I want to sleep here tonight.
A customer can enter
the guide's room, right?
Are we... allowed to do this?
There will always be a tomorrow,
but there won't be another today.
Boss, please send my sister home.
How can I control an animal
with its own two feet?
Hurry up and go. You'll miss your flight.
I usually don't do this.
Thank you, for taking care
of my big sister.
What are you doing? This isn't like you.
Please help me by sending
my big sister home later.
Take a seat.
Everyone goes on a vacation
sometime in their lives.
It could be for couple of days,
or for a year to 10 years.
That's what So So is doing.
It seems like she's been
on this vacation for a long time.
But no matter who it is, everyone
goes back home after their vacation.
Got that?
Here.
Buy some macarons
on your way to the airport.
Boss, when I meet you again...
I'll treat you like my big brother.
Don't treat me like your big brother
and just be a good son
to your parents, okay?
Wow, this is nice.
- We should grill meat here.
- Right, Father?
It's even better when it rains.
If you sit over there, and grill
some pork belly with soju...
Big Sis Guide knows what's up!
I can't do my job without knowing that.
Honfleur used to be a war city.
During the Hundred Years' War,
France and England battled here.
If you go over there,
it's England's territory.
After the war,
it became the city of explorers.
In 1608, Samuel de Champlain
departed from here and
discovered Québec, Canada.
After the exploration era,
it became a city of art.
Isn't the light beautiful here?
- Yes.
There was a painter named Eugène Boudin.
And he started to come outside to paint
because of the beautiful sunlight.
They normally painted
in ateliers back then.
- What's an atelier?
- It's like a workroom.
Photographers work in...
Do you see that? Her makeup is different.
- It looks the same.
- No, it's different.
- In what way?
- It's a different vibe.
And look at that guy.
He only looks at her.
- But she doesn't look back at him.
- There are galleries and souvenir shops.
Hey.
I thought you were in pain because
of your period. How did you notice that?
Let's go up.
This is Saint Catherine's Church.
It's very different from
other churches, right?
- Yes.
It's the biggest wooden church in France.
Do you see the roof?
It's shaped like an upside down boat.
Do you know who built it?
- People who built boats?
- That's right.
Engineers of the 1500s made it.
That's why it looks concise,
but antique-like as well.
That's it for me.
You have free time until lunch
so enjoy your day.
Remember that this is a good place
to lazily spend the day at a cafe.
Excuse me, what can we buy here?
This place is slanted, so they make
wine out of apples instead of grapes.
The wine shops offer free samples,
so try some and buy a bottle.
Then, which shops are the cheapest?
They're all equally expensive.
This is France.
Please look around,
and meet here at 12 p.m.
- so we can have lunch.
- Yes.
- Take a look.
Big Sis Guide.
- Take this.
- What is this?
It's not much. Take it.
We all pitched in because
you're working so hard.
I collected everything.
Big Sis Guide is working really hard,
so why don't we pitch in 30,000 won each?
That sounds good, sir.
Then, 30,000 won per person?
Hey, we're not rich.
Let's pitch in 30,000 per couple.
Thank you. I should work
even harder since you tipped me.
You don't need to.
You're the best already.
I am the best guide of our travel agency.
Yes, buy something good to eat.
- Thank you.
- Let's go.
You two look quite good together...
standing like that.
- Hurry up!
- I'm leaving now.
I told you not to stand beside me.
If the customers start to spread rumors,
it'll make things difficult for me.
People who like each other have
a good scent, so everyone can tell.
Don't stick to me all the time,
and stop staring at my face.
Don't get drunk off all the free wine
and if you wonder if you can try
something, don't even think about it.
- Okay?
- Okay.
- Where are you going?
- A gallery.
- That way.
- Maybe we'll run into each other.
Remember to meet here on time.
Okay.
[DF Ver] E08 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
You might as well do 108 bows.
Honey, come here and sit down.
Do your legs hurt?
Pray.
Why would Buddhists pray
in a place like this?
Just do it.
Praying won't give us rice cakes or rice.
Have you... ever prayed for me?
You haven't, have you?
Pray with me.
Cut. I told you
not to look at the camera.
Again.
Geez, seriously.
Cut. Again.
Try to look cooler.
Never mind.
Hey! Hey! What the heck?
It seems like one of us
doesn't have talent.
I can't create a masterpiece.
Just get over it. It's easy
to become a movie director.
I said I wanted to do it,
but I didn't say I would do it.
Come here. Stand here.
Over here. Right? Stand there.
This is great. Stand there.
Ready? Say, "I love you."
Why? Are you going to use it against me?
- "If you love me, give me money."
- Ready?
- I'm not doing it.
- Action!
- I love you.
- Look at the camera.
- You told me not to look!
- You have to this time!
- I love you.
- Again.
I love you.
You can't do movements or say lines.
At least we have a title.
- What is it?
- "The Man Who Can't."
I can act. I wanted be
an actor as a college student.
- Go again.
- No, I want to stop.
Hey, try it again.
I'm ready.
I love you.
How's that? Wasn't that killer?
Kill me.
Hey, I was emotional that time!
You think... this or this?
I think so too. Yes.
Okay, this one.
You think, this or this?
- That! I wanted to buy that!
- What?
You think, this or this?
Wow, you bought so much.
You're done, right?
They say there's an end to space
before there's an end to shopping.
- Hey, who said such a thing?
- Me.
Geez.
Let's go now.
You think, this or this?
Wow, your English is the most
effective English I've ever heard.
This is better. This one!
You're really here.
Say hello. This is my friend, Didier.
He was a huge help when I
first started working as a guide.
He said it's nice to meet you,
and welcomes you to Honfleur.
It's nice to meet you too.
You're handsome.
- Bye, see you.
- Bye.
Why were you laughing earlier?
He said he'll visit my hotel tonight.
Didier tends to strip naked
when he's drunk.
That's what we were laughing about.
I see. He strips naked, huh?
You think he's just fine,
but he changes in an instant.
He's the type to
get drunk all of a sudden.
You never know what will happen.
What are you looking for?
A condom.
- Do you carry one around?
- Isn't that a given?
Why is that a given?
You have no reason to bring one around.
You never know what will happen.
Yeah, that could happen.
- Where are you going now?
- I'm going to meet a friend.
A male or female?
- Allan!
- So So!
Say hello. This is my friend, Allan.
He was a huge help
when I first started as a guide.
How and why did he help you?
He's a good friend who was
always there when I was lonely.
I see. I'll go back down first.
Go ahead. I'll meet you at 12.
Hey, Mister! What the heck are you doing?
Hold on.
Did you learn to kick artwork
in the country you're from?
Look, it's all crinkled!
What happened?
I don't know. I kicked some empty cans
but she came out and got mad at me.
Did you kick these?
I'm sorry. He doesn't know better...
Why did you kick those?
It was there,
so I wondered if I could kick it.
I told you not to do anything
you could wonder about.
This is her handicraft.
Did you make those yourself?
I put them on display because
they hold a lot of meaning.
"Politician's Brain,
Financial Ethics, Religious Soul"
And "Your Wallet."
These are worth 320 euros.
What did she say?
"Politician's Brain, Financial Ethics"
"Religious Soul," and "Your Wallet."
They're worth 380 euros. 507,000 won.
Wait, these four cans
are worth 500,000 won?
No matter how trifling something is,
meaning gives it value.
You're driving me crazy. Why...
People of this country are serious
about the value of their art.
So So, what's the matter?
Allan, that person ruined my art.
Do you know them?
Really? Let me see.
It's broken,
so there's not much we can do.
You'll have to compensate her,
but I'll talk to her.
Really?
This is great.
Allan will talk to her for you.
That's okay. I'm fine.
It was my fault,
so I'll take responsibility.
- Allan will help you.
- I don't need it.
Do you take this?
Okay.
I'll make a lump sum payment.
- What is it?
- You don't sound happy to talk to me.
Yeah, I'm not happy.
- When are you coming back?
- After my vacation.
The youngest employee combined
all of his vacations to take a long trip.
I'm jealous of you. I'm stuck here.
Do you know how impressionist
painters came to exist?
They went outside with a paint brush.
You should just leave
without worrying about them.
- Shut up. Any romance?
- I'm hanging up.
Woody Allen said Paris is one
of the top three places to find love.
But then again,
he found love anywhere he went.
I bought a really famous work of art.
It has a deep meaning.
Buy it from me for 507,000 won.
I'm hanging up. And come back soon.
I have a lot of questions.
Did you go safely?
It feels refreshing to receive
a greeting after going to the bathroom.
Half of company work life
is about the greetings.
Yeah, I hate it, but that's the truth.
Did you sign the confirmation form?
- Can I ask you a question first?
- No.
Why do you suddenly want us
to sign a form to take down Ma Ru?
Don't ask any questions.
Ma Ru is good with his greetings,
works overtime hours
and he doesn't even steal any A4 paper.
Doesn't he deserve an award,
at the very least?
I was told to do it.
Did you sign it too?
- It's so flat.
- I can't sign it.
You'll be at a disadvantage
during personnel evaluation.
I told Ma Ru I'd ask him questions
when he got back.
"Did you neglect your duties?
Did you damage goods?"
"Did you violate company rules?
Did you crack down on secrets?"
If he says yes, I'll sign it then.
Byung Sae, what do you think
company life is about?
It's all about rank.
Although, some people say
it's still the same company.
But those people have never
worked at a large corporation.
They've never experienced the power
our business cards give us.
But we're still nothing but employees.
Be more honest with yourself, Byung Sae.
For commoners like us, large corporations
are more than a workplace.
Between the human Oh Ye Bi, and
World Pharmaceuticals Oh Ye Bi...
who do you think is worth more?
The human Oh Ye Bi.
You're still young, aren't you?
Excuse me, another beer, please.
You're so pretty today, So So.
You shine more in this sunlight.
Did you sleep with that Oriental man?
What is she laughing about?
You're not just fooling around, are you?
- We're not. It's more than that.
- Then?
There's a 51 percent chance
that he's my fated love.
You finally found it. The angel's feet.
Didier, wait!
Wait...
I'm so uncomfortable
because you're acting like this.
You should resolve your misunderstanding
and be your old selves again.
I'm not misunderstanding anything.
I didn't know you'd call me out
to see this person. I'm disappointed.
You pretended not to know I was here.
Your hypocrisy is more disgusting.
- Stop it!
- I'll let you hit me once!
Stop it! Stop it!
- Stop it!
- Stay out of it. It's our problem.
Yes, it's your problem!
Please stop it!
I love both of you!
I can't lose either of you!
I hate this about myself,
but I have no choice.
Can't we love each other, just like this?
I can't stand to watch you fight over me.
That is one shocking love triangle.
Yoon So So.
I don't think this is right.
- What's wrong with him?
- I don't know either.
I think he's mad.
Is it because of the cans?
I'm an artist too,
but those cans were overpriced.
Hurry up!
Honey, can we sit over there
and drink some coffee?
That's a waste of money.
Have some tonic with the money
you'd spend on coffee.
Hello!
- You bought so much.
- We didn't buy much.
They're just clothes,
shoes, and souvenirs.
I'm jealous. We've never spent money,
so we're unable to buy anything.
You have to save to live well!
Kids overspend these days.
We didn't overspend.
None of these were expensive.
- I wasn't talking to you.
- That's enough.
- Do what makes you happy.
- I'm already doing that.
We did overspend.
Should we have some coffee
as just us girls?
Should we do that?
- We meet again.
- Hey, where did you go?
We just took a lap.
- Nothing special, huh?
- It was the same old.
- Did you see a lot?
- We just bought a lot.
- Would you like to have coffee?
- Yes.
Let's go.
- Hey.
- What the heck?
Why do you need coffee?
- We should have fun too!
- Yes, shall we?
It's nice and warm, isn't it?
It doesn't cost us money. either.
- A plane's flying by.
- Where?
Wow, are you serious?
Did you design the poop designs
for The Magic Door?
Yeah, I just draw
those things all day long.
What do you mean? They're
no joke. They're so impactful.
- What is it?
- It's a game item.
So Ran drew all the poop bottles.
Poop bottles?
I'll gift you with two water bottles
when I get back to work.
Really? You're amazing!
So Ran, can I get your number?
Call me when you get to Seoul.
Text me if I don't answer.
Your business card is cool too.
By the way, who's the man
you came here with?
A man who gives me money.
- So Ran, let's take a selfie together.
- Sure.
One, two, three. Thank you.
San Ma Ru is late. Did he get lost?
How can an elite get lost?
And people can run late sometimes.
Why fret over it?
I'll try calling him.
[Guide So So]
Remember to meet here on time.
I'll skip lunch
and go straight to the bus.
San Ma Ru doesn't feel well,
so he'll rest in the bus.
Let's get going.
Where are you? I'll meet you there.
It's a gift.
You're really here.
That's right. The shoes.
Hello?
Is this Yoon So So of Eurobike Tour?
Yes, that's me.
Are you in charge of
San Ma Ru of Room 305?
Yes, he's my traveler.
He left something in his room.
Okay, I'll pick it up right now.
Please check the contents
and sign the receipt.
- Okay.
- Sir?
Yes? Excuse me.
Whose shoes are they?
What about your girlfriend?
I don't have anything to say.
Weren't they for me?
Did you break up?
Let's just talk about us.
Did I delude myself into thinking
it was a gift for me?
It's a gift.
A man who gives the same gift
to two different women.
San Ma Ru.
I don't think this is right.
This is my traveler, San Ma Ru.
He could become my boyfriend.
Then?
There's a 51 percent chance
that he's my fated love.
I wonder who he was.
Did you cry to your heart's content?
That son of a bitch.
- Why are you back already?
- I missed you.
That bastard.
Sleep with me tonight.
That horrible bastard.
That horrible son of a bitch.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[An epilogue is coming up next.]
You're really here.
Say hello. This is my friend, Didier.
He was a huge help
when I first started as a guide.
This is my traveler, San Ma Ru.
He could become my boyfriend.
It's nice to meet you.
So So is a sad girl, so be good
to her so she doesn't cry.
If you become her boyfriend, that is.
He says it's nice to meet you,
and welcomes you to Honfleur.
It's nice to meet you too.
You're handsome.
He says you're handsome.
You're cute. You possess
the charm Oriental men have.
Wait, did you fall for him already?
Maybe. What are you doing tonight?
I'm heading over to Deauville.
It's been a long time.
Don't you have time for a glass of wine?
I'm here for a day, so I have no choice.
Okay.
Then I'll go to Deauville.
Tell me your hotel's address.
Do I have to see you strip naked again?
Don't come to Deauville.
This is just a shell.
Just like your clothes.
I'll stay for longer next time
so we can drink.
Let's just have coffee today.
Meet me at our favorite cafe
in 30 minutes.
- Allan!
- So So!
How have you been, Allan?
I missed you so much.
Who's that?
He could become my boyfriend.
- Are you finally opening up?
- Yeah.
- Stop it!
- I'll let you hit me once!
- Stay out of it. It's our problem.
Yes, it's your problem!
But you two are
my only friends in France.
I want to stay out of it, but I can't.
It was wrong for Allan to
go clubbing without telling you.
But he felt sorry,
and cried to me about it afterward.
He promised not to look
at any other man ever again.
And you cried because
you couldn't get over Allan.
People break up sometimes.
But you love each other too much.
You're still unable to
forget about each other.
It takes a short moment to love someone.
But it takes an
entire lifetime to get over it.
I don't want you to go through that.
It hurts a lot.
That's what I wanted to tell you today.
See? She won't look him in the eye.
They were whispering to each other.
Big Sis Guide, do you have a boyfriend?
How about our elite?
He came by himself too.
A round of applause for them!
Don't you feel bad that
we came on this vacation together?
- Why wouldn't I be sorry?
- Then don't get married.
In the processes of relationships
being formed and broken
they never go the way we want them to.